README.md, before:

# Hello Everyone 👋
## This is my github profile

I am a PhD in Physics, with interests in Mathematics and programming.

For my published papers in Physics, you can find mos of them in
[arXiv](https://arxiv.org/): [My
Papers](https://arxiv.org/search/?searchtype=author&query=Kullock%2C+R)

For my engagement in programing, I've been mainly working with python, but I
also end up using bash, since my system of choice is Linux (Manjaro).

I've also got a "dotfiles" repo here, and not many actual dotfiles there 🤣. Teh
repo contains many configuration files, and some scripts.

My editor of choice is neovim, currently moving to the lua config and plugins.

<!--
**ricardokl/ricardokl** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Some corrections, added rust part

README.md, after:

# Hello Everyone 👋
## This is my github profile

I am a PhD in Physics, with interests in Mathematics and programming.

For my published papers in Physics, you can find most of them in
[arXiv](https://arxiv.org/): [My
Papers](https://arxiv.org/search/?searchtype=author&query=Kullock%2C+R)

For my engagement in programing, I've been mainly working with python, but I
also end up using bash, since my system of choice is Linux (Manjaro). I've also recently taken some interest in rust.

I've also got a "dotfiles" repo here, and not many actual dotfiles there 🤣. The
repo contains many configuration files, and some scripts.

My editor of choice is neovim, currently moving to the lua config and plugins.

<!--
**ricardokl/ricardokl** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
